Nick's edits (#110)
opengeospatial/geosemantics-dwg: terminology_swg_charter/clause_4.adoc

- Schema Building Blocks supporting terminology references
- API Building Blocks for augmenting OGC API endpoints with terminology
- Ontology Building Blocks for profiling and extending SKOS to support federation and terminology provenance
- organisation of Building Blocks and other semantic terminology objects within a classification vocabulary of themes or a terminology metamodel

> NOTE:: These Building Blocks will include canonical resources with persistent URL locations, validation resources, examples and transformation rules with testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: These Building Blocks will include canonical resources with persistent URL locations, validation resources, examples, and transformation rules with testing.
```

> Profiles of existing OGC standards will be described as Building Blocks supported further profiling and combination using the same mechanisms as profile constraint specifications (i.e. a scalable, reusable solution)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profiles of existing OGC standards will be described as Building Blocks supporting further profiling and combinations using the same mechanisms as profile constraint specifications (i.e., a scalable, reusable solution)
```
